Example Flow 1: 

As a college freshman, Chris is trying to break into weightlifting so he uses our app to track his workouts and receive insights on his progression. First, he creates an account through calling `POST /users/`. He gets a list of the workouts on the app by calling `GET /workouts/` and then adds the workouts he's been trying out by calling `POST /users/{user_id}/workouts/`. After documenting his workouts, he's curious on how to improve his routine, so he calls `GET /analysis/{user_id}/distribution/`. The endpoint reveals that much of his workout is focused on chest exercises, with only 2 workouts targeting his lower-body. Chris adjusts his workouts to get a more balanced distribution and then heads to the gym to attempt his new routine.

Example Flow 2:

JuJu is an athlete who downloaded the Fitness Tracker App to track his workouts and gain insights. He creates an account using the `Post /Users` endpoint and searches for the couple of workouts he's been doing lately. He searches for the workouts through the `Get /workouts/{user_id}`. He only finds one workout and adds the missing workout using `POST /workouts/{workout_name}`. After he adds the missing workout to the Fitness Tracker App, he adds the workout into his account using `POST /users/{user_id}/workouts`. Once he adds the workout to his user account, he gets a workout analysis of his workout routine using `GET /analysis/{user_id}/`. JuJu is disappointed by the analysis from the Fitness Tracker App because he scores low in the sets and reps category. He uses `GET /analysis/{user_id}/tips/` to improve his workouts. The endpoint suggests changes that JuJu incorporates into his workouts. Once he makes the necessary changes, he notices quicker positive results.
